When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your 
work local?

When you are working on multiple machines or when you are collaborating with
others.


Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git 
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

If you are in the middle of creating something, having changes automatically
pulled could overwrite those changes.


Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you
use one instead of another?

Forks are clones made on GitHub's servers from another GitHub repo. A clone
is a copy of a repository on GitHub to your local machine. Branches are 
various working states of a repository. Forks are used when you want to build
upon a project created by someone else. Clones are used when you want to get
something from GitHub onto your computer. Branches are used when you want to
develop a new feature without breaking your production code.


What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote 
stored locally?

To compare the changes that have been made to the local copy.


How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, 
and what would be harder?

Without using Git or GitHub, you would have to rely on extensive documentation 
on the changes you are introducing. It would be hard for someone to easily
compare the changes you ahve made to the original version, because then they
would have to have multiple versions of the same project on their computer,
which could lead to confusion. It would be easier without dealing with merge
conflicts but pretty much everything would be harder.


When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly 
in master? What benefits does each approach have?

In the case when the feature you are working on is still in progress and
unfinished, or when you are collaborating with others and want their approval
before pushing to master, it would be better to make your changes in a separate
branch rather than directly in master. By doing this, you get the benefit
of having your work saved and visible without affecting the production code.